I just apologized to you for the culture I mentioned.
Delicious
Come on, come on, you get up first
Get up!
Give me a bowl to try
Why should adults care too much?
Everybody in the room brought me a bowl.
I don't believe it.
Can you eat shit these days?
If you don't believe me
I made all the pots in here today.
Enough for everyone
Not easy.
It's possible to make ingredients like this.
I announce the winner of this food competition
Good luck oh good
trance trance
trance
Reward you, wife
Husband, you are amazing.
The first pot of gold is in hand
Next I'm going to turn the sky upside down
Using my 21st century foodie skills
Conquer the world
Hey lady
Tonight, just pack up
Wait until tomorrow, we're going to buy a big house
Good husband
I've heard all about your big house
Should we, uh